# Changes in code:
## Set Version number -- Common\'''BuildOptions.h'''
## Update copyright notice in Common\BuildOptions.h: © Reliable Software 1996 -- '''2010'''
## Edit '''CmdLine/ReadMe.txt''' file
## In debug builds: Set Expiration date -- License\TimeLock.h
## In major version builds: Set RELEASE_TIME in Common\Trial.h <br/><span class="code">unsigned long const RELEASE_TIME = 0x3df60000; // Dec 10, 2002</span>
## Update Release Notes:
### Setup\'''ReleaseNotes.txt''' 
### Setup\Help\'''ReleaseNotes.html'''
## Update version resource for Code Co-op, Dispatcher and Differ - change only copyrigth if necessary, other fileds are defined in BuildOptions.h (edit resource file).
## Update license : Common\CoopLicense.txt. Debbie creates/manages license docs. They are stored as licenseXX.doc files in Setup folder.
### Check-out Common/CoopLicense.txt
### Open appropriate Setup/LicenseXX.doc
### Save it as Common/CoopLicense.txt
## Version Information -- Setup\'''CoopVersion.xml'''	<br/>To publish:
### A new version of Co-op:<br/>Edit:
#### &lt;LatestVersion Number="'''xxx'''">
#### A '''headline sentence''' (the body of a &lt;Description> tag)
#### make sure the exe name in href attribute is correct
### A new beta version od Co-op:
#### same as above, but in &lt;LatestBeta> tag
###New bulletin issue:<br/>Edit:
#### &lt;Bulletin Number="'''xxx'''" Date="'''MM/DD/YY'''">
#### A '''headline sentence''' (the body of a &lt;Bulletin&gt; tag)	
# Changes in '''CSS RsWeb''' project:
## Version Bulletin -- co_op\'''Bulletin51.html'''
### Add release notes from Setup\Help\'''ReleaseNotes.html'''
## Download page -- co_op\'''download.html''':
### Code Co-op v. 5.0d released March 17, 2007</nowiki>
## Release Notes page -- co_op\Help
### Copy '''ReleaseNotes.html''' from Setup\Help\ReleaseNotes.html	
# Build:
## Co-op solution: both release and release lite
## Command Line Tools solution: release
## Remember to get the latest BCMerge.exe from ScooterSoftware!
# Release:
## Run release.exe


=Old Release Process
# Changes in code:
## Set Version number -- Common\BuildOptions.h, CmdLine\about.txt, CmdLine\dialog.txt, Setup\about.txt, Setup\dialog.txt, 
## Update copyright notice in Common\BuildOptions.h: © Reliable Software 1996 -- '''2006'''
## Edit CmdLine/ReadMe.txt file
## In debug builds: Set Expiration date -- License\TimeLock.h
## In major version builds: Set RELEASE_TIME in Common\Trial.h <br/><span class="code">unsigned long const RELEASE_TIME = 0x3df60000; // Dec 10, 2002</span>
## Update Release Notes:
### Setup\ReleaseNotes.txt 
### Setup\Help\ReleaseNotes.html
## Update version resource for Code Co-op, Dispatcher and Differ - change only copyrigth if necessary, other fileds are defined in buildoptions.h (edit resource file).
## Update license : Common\CoopLicense.txt. Debbie creates/manages license docs. They are stored as licenseXX.doc files in Setup folder.
### Check-out Common/CoopLicense.txt
### Open appropriate Setup/LicenseXX.doc
### Save it as Common/CoopLicense.txt
## Version Information -- Setup\CoopVersion.xml	<br/>To publish:
### A new version of Co-op:<br/>Edit:
#### &lt;LatestVersion Number="'''xxx'''">
#### A '''headline sentence''' (the body of a &lt;Description> tag)
#### make sure the exe name in href attribute is correct
### A new beta version od Co-op:
#### same as above, but in &lt;LatestBeta> tag
###New bulletin issue:<br/>Edit:
#### &lt;Bulletin Number="'''xxx'''" Date="'''MM/DD/YY'''">
#### A '''headline sentence''' (the body of a &lt;Bulletin> tag)	
# Build:
## Co-op solution
## Command Line Tools solution (before the next step!)
# Build Setup exe
## Remember to get the latest BCMerge.exe from ScooterSoftware!
## Run copyX.bat
## Open Setup\binX folder
## Select all setup files and Add To Zip
## Select all PDBs from setup\pdb-x and create a zipfile. Give it a meaningful name! Place the pdb zip close to the co-op.zip.
## Update the files Setup\about.txt and Setup\dialog.txt
## Run WinZip Self-Extractor to create co-op.exe
# Repeat steps for Code Co-op Lite, remember to modify text in winzipSE dialog and about to include "Lite"
# Build cmdline exe
## Run CmdLine\copyX.bat 
## Open CmdLine\binX folder
## Select all files and Add To Zip, which should be in the Setup directory
## Run WinZip Self-Extractor to create cmdline.exe (select "as admin")
# Changes in '''CSS RsWeb''' project:
## Version Bulletin -- co_op\BulletinX.html
### Add release notes from Setup\Help\ReleaseNotes.html
## Download page -- co_op\download.html:
### &lt;strong>Code Co-op v. '''5.0'''&lt;/strong>d released '''March 17, 2007'''</nowiki>
## Release Notes page -- co_op\Help
### Copy ReleaseNotes.html from Setup\Help\ReleaseNotes.html	
# Upload
## Make sure that the following files are present in the \Setup folder
### co-op.exe
### co-opX.exe 
### co-opLite.exe
### co-opLiteX.exe 
### cmdline.exe
### cmdlineX.exe  
## Modify file uploadAll.txt - change co-opX.exe, cmdlineX.exe and BulletinX.html to reflect released version of Code Co-op project.
## Execute uploadAll.bat with the path to the project "CSS RSWeb" to update our Web site.
# Co-op
## Add label "X.Y version released".


